we just hit the road to
Connecticut picking this weekend it's
very early in the morning still we're at
eight o'clock so you can see the rest of
the team are actually sleeping away and
I decided to try and get some work done
I always really stop like hat why are
part of the way like get out and stretch
just a brown moving so that we're not
sitting on the bus were like powers
shape somehow apply really fun games
actually
if I'm going and she'll be all like I
feel like making love and the show
really bad love it's like Ranbir
peaceful and then I've to go back into
another one and we keep going back and
forth we just finished lunch and we got
here to you guys to be so outside to get
here and we're gonna go practice and so
we can beat uconn tomorrow we just got
back from practice it was a great
practice and now we're gonna relax and
take a shower do some work and just rest
our legs for the game tomorrow hey I'm
Amy I'm Whitley and tomorrow's up dad
said yeah and we want to join another
team tonight and then when we got back
and she bought an ice cream cake for us
by which is a surprise to celebrate for
a birthday and there's a very nice
surprise we weren't expecting it alright
well time for me to go back to bed when
he was asleep I going huh so this
morning we woke up at eight-thirty to go
through a walkthrough where we get our
legs move in and we stretch out and now
heard the breakfast and our clock
usually about three hours before game
and we head to the field and start a
warm-up we go over a game plan before we
get on the bus
yeah we just ride it the field here at
UConn and we're ready to play we're
pretty excited about it the game is in a
little less than an hour so we're
getting ready to warm up now and then
it's game time just finished feeding
UConn three tunes 0 / 2 q's is awesome
victory a great win press this year so
brings us to floor now in the Big East
and we're being ready to be regular
season chance so thanks for joining us
on our road trip behind the scenes and
like we always go get to have a little
sneak peek at our dance parties